# Feel and the rest will follow

<!-- 22 Jul 2022 -->

My guru taught me never to get fixated on any one truth, nor to blow its greatness out of proportion. I therefore seek the truth all around, in the 1000 curations (books, movies and songs of other artists) I live through, and the conversations I have.

The truth is "as I touch my foot upon this fertile soil, I feel the source of our creation" - and no, I'm not clairvoyant, I just mean that as my emotional being remembers or relives the work that comes from artists and their "fertile" creativity and for just a brief moment, I forget my surroundings and feel a glimpse of divinity as it brings a sob or a smile to my face.

If art was intended to convey an emotion, then I'm cued it, tuned in. Problem is it's just an emotional high, it's not yet become an integral part of my being, for which a conscious effort is needed. Am I lazy, or is some latent part of me being prepared or am I just caught in the samsara and maya of this world?

All of us are a bundle of raw emotions and impressions. While we "learn subjects" we are rarely taught to plumb the depths of our minds in a search for the meaning of life.

Sometimes when something particularly inspiring comes our way, we want to spread and glorify it. Truth is, these principles and emotions are of no use unless put into action for someone's benefit, a stumbling point for happy, distracted people like me who forget the basics most times.

So here I am, trying to convert feelings into steady dedicated action, with no thought of the rewards and accolades. What the mind grasps and the heart feels, is hard to remember in the thick of the good fight, but its a beginning and the end IS in sight.

For those of you who are already into action, I only ask you to think of the pinnacle of your own unique journey, and to FIGHT for your individuality while still keeping an eye on the end goal - the Unity of Humanity and her Rise to Divine Heights.

For those beginners like myself, I only can say, FEEL life before you begin then START WALKING and the path will become clearer.
