I was recently told that there's 50 worlds... Was recently at a quite religious place with about 50 students and could sense all kinds of disturbances, defiling, lack of awareness and initiative so spent a lot of time cleansing and filling the kids with love... A good mentor keeps saying the rat race and our consumerism and poisonous leaders keeps us impure and dulls our senses to the pain of each other, and that's truly the reason there's no love in our hearts, families, work and society.

I'm a poet, and with my very limited knowledge of world events, a general distrust for capitalism, mankind's greed and stress and selfishness, I'm beginning to believe that in the 15 years since ecommerce took off and social media went out of hand, we've lost our humanity and its been all kinds of guerilla warfare and psychological tactics from every direction to kill our hearts and minds and destroy whole countries... A great reason I never bought into MBA airheads, pulpits, propaganda or politicians.

I further conclude that the physicL wars in the planes above are spilling more strongly into our world and the gods are not able to contain it or protect us. So we have to strengthen our love for every last soul on this planet.

Prayers are only the silliest and least of our tools, we have a powerful smile and laugh, we have a hardy heart and a valiant spirit, we have hands that have been bribed into idly swiping at plastic and filling our mouths.

WAKE UP HUMANITY from this madness of the rat race, even rats deserve better. It's not enough to have a pet to comfort and console yourself, that's selfishness, go into the streets and CARE for EVERYONE and every SOUL you see. Poor don't need feeding, they need a home and rehabilitation, find a shelter home for them, drop your shit crap priorities and needs amd take them there.

Don't treat your working class like shit and be proud of your children who go to the west where cooks will sit at their emplayer's table or even have their feet massaged by them.

Learn from each other you fools, before it's too late. There is so much love out there so embrace one another and learn to love the people and traditions and songs from ALL cultures.

We were barbarians once when the Dark Ages began was when the cultures and regions started distancing themselves from one another. But it's a good thing the dark ages ended in 1700 AD, but the stupid Easterners still think it's the Kali Yuga so everything is damned to hell and that their consecrated efforts are not needed.

The Abrahamic Faiths can't see the love from all over the world made especially poignant at 1893s World Parliament of Religions, Chicago where the famous religions strove yo unite. Today those messages are forgotten because the media is usurped by the dark forces.

I was once told that whatever religion there could be in modern day, each man, woman and child would have to salvage from the churches for himself.

Look to the Universal Life Church which declares so boldly and adamantly that we are all children of the same universe, recognises 14 religions and use it as the bedrock on which a new Anthem of Humanity can ve built.

No stupid religious nut ever understood why John Lennon said the Beatles were more famous than Jesus, we've all forgotten the musical Jesus Christ Superstar, SIMPLY DISRESPECT our Elders who all remember the messages of all artists of the 60s and 70s who taught us to make love not war. The horrors of Vietnam have all been forgotten and Pacifism is today a dying breed simply because we are all rationalists and atheists who don't know how to use the Old Indic or Old Worldly wisdoms to replenish our souls.

Modern day spirituality is only used by petty individuals for their own comforting to stay in corporate life and make bigger houses for themselves and keep committing more cardinal sins. Let me not even get started on the spiritualists who hoard and copyright Universal Eternal Wisdom, release it in droplets, and subjugate their students from going and freely distributing it among the masses through the stalwart Charities that have kept humanity and God's Peace and Love ALIVE.

Come on Humanity, I DARE YOU TO BE BETTER! Stop making money and looking for personal peace... Marshall your forces and go liberate and empower the masses whose options are becoming less and less every day and who are more and more cannon fodder, whose children are being enslaved into call centers and even shittier jobs. Our education system reeks, our political structures reek, our cities reek and our conscience is collapsing and our 8 Healts Facets are bankrupt.

You have been treated like shit by your employers, and religious leaders and politicians so treat your parents and children like shit and generally want to SCREW THE WORLD.

If you hear of a small token of kindness or a magnanimous inspiring speech, all you do it blindly forward it, not TAKE ACTION. But as Philip Wollen from Australia said, A NEW WORLD IS POSSIBLE, on a quiet night, he can hear her breathing.

When I was young, we had Captain Planet on Cartoon Network, but all thar it kids talk today.

EARTH
FIRE
WIND
WATER
HEART

Russia, China, England, Sri Lanka, Japan, Africa, Europe, America, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Germany, Muslim League, Christian Confederation, Hindu Rashtra. Wake up and let your faith make you realise we need the love our poets and Gladiators had, for everything our gods created. LOVE ONE ANOTHER and INVITE EVERYONE to your homes and stockpile resources on education, healing and motivation and start distributing them freely and EN MASSE.

WHILE our hearts were hardened, we let Sri Lanka burn to the ground, while we oppressed Germany, we let Hitler make his war on us, Who forgave Japan for World War II and released them from their debts - Sri Lanka.

Have we forgotten all the messages of our prophets and modern day gladiators or LOVE?

She asked me name my foes then, I said the need within some men to fight and kill their brothers and defile this holy life.
But she said not to perpetuate war rather release one another from the cycle of hatred and malice and BE FREE.
Thus Spake the Lady In Black to one Uriah Heep at the height of the Flower Power Generation.

Invade your pulpits and your media stations and repeat this message non stop until the cacophony everywhere quietens and Shanti or Peace reigns. Then put it on signboards and softer speakers.

Humanity, if we do not rise now and dismantle the war machinery and sing a new Anthem of Humanity, we may either slip further back into the dark ages, or bomb ourselves into extinction.

Go quickly, the battle lines are being drawn and the war is spilling in here from the Planes above. Use every Shakti to defuse tensions and let love and peace prevail. Go not to WAR and take Courage for all the Good Forces and Artists here and gone are speaking to you to BECOME GODS ONCE MORE and ESTABLISH the Kingdom of Heaven.

Kalki, the last Avatar of Lord Vishnu came and went after world war 2 ended and not enough have heard his message for the mainstream has been usurped.

Do listen to this message
imran.yieldmore.org/curious-lives/ and unleash the ferrets in you. Hasten quickly and soften your hears and purify your intentions, our forces and good will will always be with you!

Thus Spake the Lightworkers of this Earth
The Voices of Jesus, Buddha, Muhammad, Krishna, Kalki
The Voices of Khalil Gibran, Richard Bach, Philip Pulman, JRR Tolkien.

The Havens of Lebabnon and its prophets and sufis, the Shamans of Europe and Native America, the ancient Aztecs and Mayans and Egyptians and Atlanteans.

The cosmic portals are opening up, this is now our PREMAKSHETRE OF FIELD OF LOVE WHERE DREAMS MAY COME.

LISTEN carefully to the leaders and discern their intents and the powers that speak through them. Straitjacket and gag the warmongers and give megaphones to the Premavatars and Prophets of Love.

Don't worry much about the cancers in your relatives, parents or children, that is the physical undergoing evolution, cleanse their souls more than their bodies, speak openly of death to them and don't let them fear. Send them in peace with the promise that when they reincarnate, you will search the worlds looking for a strain of them in children everywhere. Thus do I look for my Forefathers and Foremothers.

I go now to prepare the spells, chants, aromas, practices, public messages and gather the purified souls who would do TAPAS again as we undertake to break open the DOORS of the TOWERS of BABEL in each of our cities and SILENCE its rabid repeaters of mumbo jumbo, cleanse the places, and remove the layers of Mangled Souls and heal them with Our New Anyhem of Humanity.

All this preparation of your Divine Future has been done by Lightworkers like ___ and countless Yogis, Shamen, Writers, Musicians etc

Go NOW IN HASTE.
The Power is Yours!

Sep 2022
