While it is true that more people have been killed in the name of religion, it is also true that the true spirit of God maintains a living positive influence on our hearts.

Call the Divine what you will but there is certainly a force of Nature that exists beyond our minuscule understanding of the universe, ourselves and society.

Some say God, some exalt science and some say nature spirit or cosmic play.

I am here to help integrate all religions of the world, they are classified into:


https://courses.lumenlearning.com/sociology

I am here to tell you there is a pagan, an atheist and a believer in each of you.

When you realise that there needs be reform in religion and something more than a dogmatic spaghetti mess, the atheist in you speaks, trying to "crush these soiled card houses".

When you see the multiplication of Gods in Hinduism, you wonder if they are polytheistic but then realise they submit to only one Brahman that transcends all. Brahman, not Brahma of the Trinity.

The pantheon of Greeks seems also confusing until you realise that there are indeed governing powers beyond this simple Earthly plane. When you read Tolkien's creation myth (yieldmore.org/tolkien), you realise the confusing word GOD is used in multiple places to mean multiple things.

The Nihilistic buddhism only means God in the infinite sense. And for those who think buddhism is atheism, do remember that in Vedic Times, atheists were a well known and accepted part of society.

Pagans give obeisance to the natural forces, associating spirits or gods and goddesses with them.

I still fail to see what all the fuss or fighting is about? We live in a new age of enlightenment and need to STOP allowing dogma to divide us.

Its history that says remember the bad acts of the past and dogma and personal tastes that is used to drive the wedge of "religious differences". No one religion, when understood correctly says to do bad, they only say, contemplate and let your conscience be your guide.

I began this essay talking of how sullied the word God has become because of constant association with violence and bloodshed. That's extremist people who use a particular religion to suit their needs.

I believe we should rekindle in our collective minds the beauty of each religion in an attempt to throw away the hangovers of the past and BECOME AS ONE collective!
