link: <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/yieldmore/beS51ZjhqF4" target="_blank">Update from Simon Anholt / Madeline Hung of the Good Country</a>, Jul 12th

We've lived with hangovers of the dark ages for long enough. Every decade since the worldwide revolution of the 60s has shown us increase in our ability to love, think of, and act selflessly for one another.

Time to up the ante and truly become ONE WORLD. Harmonize the conflicts. Soothe the hurts. Grow in oneness and come always from a direction of caring.

How we long to be our brother's keeper. And to keep our sisters happy. But we're going to need some help coming together if we're going to make the world work. Many of us have longed for it. Some even striven for it.

Enter my friend Simon and this virtual country he is proposing. 200000 citizens for a start from all parts of the world. Speaking different languages, practising different faiths, all unique expressions of the highest beauty nature and evolution have to offer.

True believers in the power of an idea to change the world. We are after all the architects of our future lives and of this Earth's destiny&hellip;

"We would not think of battle that reduces us to sub-humans. So easy to begin but then impossible to end". ~ Uriah Heep

None can stop the march of evolution. And as Eru says: "nor can any alter the music in my despite. For he that attempteth this shall prove but mine instrument in the devising of things more wonderful, which he himself hath not imagined." ~ Tolkien

George Carlin talks of the divine plan too and remember that we are heading back to regaining a glorious past. A golden age. The final establishment of a Kingdom of Heaven when we will realise and attune ourselves fully to our divine origins.

It falls on us blessed with faith and abundance to help pave this way forward. Become the forerunners of all our future selves. Healers, Thinkers, Artists, Builders, Labourers, Teachers, Parents, Statesmen ad infinitum.

There is much beauty in this world and healing in the depths of time.

Time to turn that page, let go of that hurt, rise up and make our creator proud as we go back to our illimitable origins.