That queen of all beings - Mother Nature, and the Transcendant Country that exceeds the ideals of all - each formed and revitalized in the recent past.

Before economy can give way to harmony, we must bring about a kind of social reform with religious zeal.

Be the change you want to see in the world around you and embrace the idealist from all walks of life and all corners of the world.

The cross pollination of peoples and communities across the world is almost complete and it is from pockets like India, England and America that a true coalescing of the modern awakened man can come.

Funny that England was one of the last countries to join the European Union, founded at the junction of Spain, Germany and France - Belgium.

In Asia, the cultures of old are serving to reunite these long sundered communities and let us not forget that the colonization and freedom struggles everywhere catalyzed a quick integration of the Occidental & Oriental, technology and the old perfected ways of life.

Capitalism has succeeded in making the world more cosmopolitan and also, the counter revolution of idealism has taken firm hold in the new millennium.

Let us not forget that America was founded only after the dark ages and hence its peoples were the first to recover from the hangovers of the past. It is no coincidence that it has become the melting pot in which the blueprints for the future are being laid out.

Africa and the Middle East have been torn apart the most by politics and it is the continued conflict there that is an affront to our initiatives of peace.

Man is too much torn by greed to heal the wounds of the world. And for the rest, hopelessness.

There are 3 major enemies to the ideals of tomorrow, projected so well by the creator of Star Trek - Gene Roddenberry.

Poverty - economic and spiritual, Ignorance - for which loving education is the solution, Corruption - for which worldwide protest, unification and a personal commitment to Truth, Equality and Justice are required.

For all this, the common man and his unlimited powers of persuasion and benevolence shall form the soil from which the last revolution shall spring.

LEARNING - for children, for adults, for parents, for communities, for corporates and countries. Learning lessons of courtesy and kindness - to fly up and know the meaning of love ^1.

Applying that knowledge, of the fundamental forces that drive nature, to reconcile political, economic, religious, ideological, societal and personal hurts - HEALING as an expression of that universal LOVE.

SHARING our deepest fears and insecurities, sharing our hopes of widespread contentment, abundance and excellence. Being true to our nature and life's inmost secrets, we shall likely find, a few building a vision and justice to our time ^2

To EXPRESS the love and beauty ^3 that springs from the selfsame well that drowns all our sorrows. To EXPERIENCE the eternal mysteries of the universe in the simplicity of a LIFE well lived. To EMOTE with our true spirit, living a daily resurrection by treating every day as our possible last ^4 and to leave behind a world of MORE for our progeny.

^1 - Chiang in Richard Bach's Jonathan Livingston Seagull
^2 - Short and Sweet - David Gilmour
^3 - From the novella Bethany in Richard Bach's Curious Lives
^4 - Every Day Is Your Last - anagram for YIELD.
