In no other area do we clash as furiously as on the subject of religion. However, as they say, "The true office of religion is to bring out the whole nature of man in harmonious activity". It is also true that "while religion prescribes brotherly love in the relations among individuals and groups, the actual spectacle more resembles a battlefield than an orchestra.".

So why this way off the mark difference between intention and reality? Because the stories we tell our children about their faith are, to outward appearances, different from religion to religion, sect to sect.. and because everyone is convinced that for their story to be right, everyone else's story has to be wrong or to quote a seer "other systems are either errors or saved only by such partial truth in them as links them to the one true philosophical cult".

That one true philosophical cult is ours, period. There our journey in closed mindedness begins. Fortunately, some of us are more open to new ideas than others.

I say we are like a class of swimmers learning to dive. We're on the diving platform and afraid to let go of our upbringing and its ways. We're afraid someone will find fault with our childhood beliefs and poof, we'll be left grasping at nothing. Some of us have already let go of our fears and accomplished the feat of diving.

I'm afraid of the water, afraid I can't swim, afraid of being made fun of and afraid of all my pent up emotions. I lash out at someone down in the water below but of the two of us, who needs the support and nurturing more? Me, the guy who hasn't yet made the leap of faith.

I implore you, o swimmers in the ocean of spirituality. That timid, afraid boy standing on the platform, fearful of letting go, embracing the water, could be your brother, son or mother. Be gentle with him. In the waters of religious pluralism, it's not about who is right, but who can put aside their own convictions and embrace the one who differs vastly from them in their own beliefs. Welcome him, make him feel at home, let go his trepidations and MAKE THAT LEAP.

I took mine yesterday. I'm not so certain of my convictions anymore. I've newly made friends with very differing worldviews and we are not afraid to say we don't have all the answers.

We stand for liberty, geniality and thoughtfulness. Brother, I wish you well. Join us down here where we face the future together. It's scary and cold on that platform. Close your eyes, push away the fears and JUMP.
