May 2nd 2022

I come from a direction of caring and wish only to fly up and find the meaning of love.

I come to tell you I'm not perfect, nor whole.

I come to tell you I may be broken but that it is in healing, loving and being loved that the entire purpose of life is.

I come to tell you that humanity is done with it's petty, myopic and downright ugly ways. It wants a rebirth in the holy waters of kindness and good will.

I come to say we ought to do our utmost for each other, forgetting our differences and building instead on trust, courage and mutual admiration.

I come to tell you that magical times are upon us, and it's time to pick up the wand and weave more beauty into our existence.

I come to tell you that music is the language of the heart and that much beauty has come into being from it.

I come to tell you that we are one in the eyes of our Gods and Goddesses and that they are brimming with love and grace.

I come to tell you that we can go far, if only we go together, breaking the bonds of distance and distrust.

I come to tell you to open your hearts and eyes and ears and be sensitive to each other's peril and plight.

I come to tell you that the most wonderful times are in front of us, and that it's time to let go of the pain and disilusionment of the past.

I come to tell you we hear your cries, and want to embrace you until you no longer feel alone, but rather loved and cherished.

I come to tell you that life is beautiful, spectacularly, sparklingly so, and that time heals all wounds.

I come to tell you that love, concern and action can form the basis of a divine future.

I come to tell you that life is of no use if we cannot be there for each other.

I come to tell you that as we imagine worlds, we realize them in our lives and bitterness is only a reaping of past brooding thoughts.

I come to tell you that we are indestructible as the playful otters that swim the universe.

I come to tell you that our origins are among the stars, and that divine forces are awake in our inmost being.

I come to tell you that it is only through dialogue that we can repair the damages done unto this world.

I come to tell you humanity, that though the time seems darkest now, we ARE heading towards a brighter future, but one that WE need to win for our collective selves.

I come to tell you that the only motive force in the world is love, and is the stuff that binds us as a planet.

Jagat Kula Ki Prem.
(All love to the world family)

